


 
  Deutsche Bank 
Research      
  Semicap Equipment
Top Questions into Semicon West 2026        
  

27 September 2026 



     Melissa Weathers 
+1 212 250-2134 
Send email        


     Robert Sanders 
+44 20 754-58394 
Send email        


     George Brown 
+44 20 754-74893 
Send email        


     Joe Schwab 
+1 415 262-2015 
Send email        


  


  

      View report       
  (2 Pages) 

In two weeks, we will be attending Semicon West 2026 in the Bay Area. Below we discuss the key topics we expect to be covered.
Companies we are meeting with: Advanced Energy Industries Inc (AEIS), Camtek Ltd (CAMT), Cohu Inc (COHU), Kulicke & Soffa Industries (KLIC), MKS Inc (MKSI), Onto Innovation Inc (ONTO), Nova Ltd (NVMI), Applied Materials (AMAT), and Lam Research Corporation (LRCX)
To join us for investor meetings or to set up a call for takeaways post-event, please reach out to your Deutsche Bank salesperson.Financial update at AMAT Investor Breakfast: In addition to its usual update on its product roadmap and emerging trends in chip manufacturing, we expect AMAT to also provide an unusual update to its medium/long-term financials (e.g. margin update?). We wonder whether AMAT's GM profile could reach LRCX's recently updated guidance of mid-50s, or whether there are company-specific items that could cause the margin outlooks to differ. We also look for the moving pieces driving that outlook (e.g. pricing tailwinds, cost efficiencies, manufacturing scale,etc)Pace of fab buildout in an AI world:Given ongoing concerns about a broader slowdown in AI spending, we look for any changes in momentum/orders/tone from equipment companies as it relates to the pace of the fab buildout to support AI. We also look for implications for the equipment group of a return to a more CPU/less GPU world.WFE TAM potential: Investor expectations for WFE soared in 2026, in some cases reaching ~$300b in WFE spending by 2028. This has now led to broader fears that "the good news is already priced in" for equipment stocks. We look for additional clarity on whether this figure is even physically possible in this timeline, as well as implications for 2029 WFE.Supply chain scalability: Given lofty WFE expectations from some, we continue to monitor supply chain scalability to service the large degree of capacity expansion. Specifically we look for color on "golden screw" risks and margin implications of capacity expansion.Semicap pricing levers: We look for additional color on how equipment companies are approaching pricing in this environment. We flag that semicap co's have never been opportunistic about price increases in past cycles due to the relatively low number of total customers in the industry. This cycle, we have heard increased speculation from investors about semicap co's ability to hike prices on new and/or existing tools, sometimes in the range of +5-15% (will VPA contracting allow this?)Implications of WFE spending by emerging foundry/memory players: With INTC potentially having a resurgence in manufacturing, continued momentum from Samsung, and grand ambitions from Terafab, we monitor the impact these new spenders will have on competitive dynamics and industry supply. In addition, we look for any changes in spending patterns out of China, especially given ambitious memory capacity expansion plans.Process control intensity in question: We see two bifurcating trends in process control. First, we acknowledge node complexity, number of design starts, and general die size continue to rise. However, we also see the next two to three years being dominated by capacity expansion spending, where process control tends to be less relevant. We question the rate to which process control spending can keep up with process spending given these two conflicting dynamics.Focus on Middle- and Back-end: As has been the trend in recent years, we expect an incrementally higher amount of focus to be paid towards trends in middle- and back-end manufacturing, particularly advanced packaging. We expect heterogenous integration to continue as a trend in the AI world, reflecting a continued shift from "shrink" to "stack". We particularly monitor new packaging technologies like INTC's EMIB-T as well as timing of panel-based packaging.AMAT EPIC Center debut: We'll be attending the grand opening of AMAT's EPIC Center. There we expect to gain greater insight on the impact of the center on degree of customer intimacy, time to market, and any implications on semicap market share.Durability of memory cycle: We look for clues on the durability of this memory cycle and for additional signs of memory co willingness to invest in both greenfield and brownfield capex. In DRAM, we monitor supply demand equilibrium outlooks, while in NAND we continue to monitor the timing and pace of upgrade spending vs. new capacity spending.Sub 2nm nodes: We monitor the market share dynamics and tech trends that should dominate sub-2nm nodes going forward. This includes the duration and evolution of Gate All Around technology, as well as the eventual shift to CFET and beyond.Timing to Hybrid Bonding adoption in new applications: We continue to monitor the timing of broader hybrid bonding adoption in certain markets, in particular HBM given the aforementioned de-spacing and lowering of stack height requirements.
      Read more       


Deutsche Bank Research   |    Manage Subscriptions   |    Unsubscribe 
You have received this email because you have subscribed to US Semiconductor Capital Equipment. If you would like to make changes to your subscriptions, please click on the 'Manage Subscriptions' link above. Research reports on such futures contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or resident in Hong Kong. For more information, please contact your Deutsche Bank sales representative. 
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main 
   