













Semiconductor Capital Equipment 
SEMICON West Preview


Read Full Report
(PDF: 14 Pages) 

North America 

Industry View   In-Line
Shane Brett, Cate Folan, Joseph Moore, Mason Wayne, Ella Tulchinsky, Nicole Kozhukhov

September 27, 2026



WHAT'S CHANGED?
Applied Materials Inc. (AMAT.O)
Price Target

From:   $642.00To: $563.00



SEMICON has been a positive catalyst for SPE more often than not (absolute), but not relative (vs SOX). 



Key takeaway: Expect lots of positive commentary (to no surprise) and themes similar to SEMICON Taiwan and ECOC. 

What we’ll hear from the conference. We think the key topics will be very similar to SEMICON Taiwan and ECOC, with significant commentary around silicon photonics and related testing, advanced packaging, and, to a lesser extent, memory optimization. These themes have been top of mind throughout the year, and we expect the takeaways to be evolutionary rather than revolutionary. What we’ll hear from the companies. Not surprisingly, we expect company messaging at SEMICON to come in various forms of: “demand is strengthening,” “visibility is extending,” “supply chain cooperation is closer than ever,” and “we’re building out capacity.” We see this as more of a reiteration of existing trends than anything meaningfully new. One theme we’re increasingly focused on, but are unlikely to get much color on, is whether WFE is becoming more of a volume market or remains primarily a technology market, as customers add greenfield capacity for N-1 nodes while pockets of the technology roadmap face delays.
Company events: 2 coverage companies are hosting larger events for the financial community. 1) AMAT Investor Breakfast: Unlike the past 3 years, when AMAT hosted a “Technology Breakfast,” the company is hosting an “Investor Breakfast” on the 13th. Our understanding is that the event will fall somewhere between a Technology Breakfast and a traditional Investor Day. We do not expect a point-specific model to be presented, but anticipate the company will provide some financial indicators. 2) CAMT Breakfast: for more details see 4 Qs into SEMICON West.
Trading SEMICON. Over the last 10 shows, SEMICON has been a positive catalyst for SPE, with the group posting an average return of 4.1% over the two weeks leading into and one week following the show, and positive returns around 7 of the last 10 events. Returns have been stronger during upcycles (+5.7%) than downcycles (+2.6%). Relative to the SOX, however, performance has been more subdued, with returns roughly flat. Thoughts on AMAT. We fine-tune our CY27 revenue/EPS forecasts for AMAT from $50.2bn/$20.44 to $50.7bn/$20.92 as we raise our NAND and GM% forecasts. We lower our target multiple from 26x to 22x, with 22x representing a ~10% premium to the company’s 20x through-cycle average since 2020. We believe SPE multiples track most closely with GM%, and we model meaningful margin expansion for AMAT this upcycle (CY25 48.8%, CY27 52.0%). The market is giving AMAT the benefit of the doubt, and we agree with that assessment; however, we prefer names where expectations are less reflected in the multiple. Remain EW. Read more...

Authors

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Shane Brett
+1 212 761-1022       EMAIL 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Cate Folan
+1 212 296-3520       EMAIL 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Joseph Moore
+1 212 761-7516       EMAIL 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Mason Wayne
+1 212 761-6012       EMAIL 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Ella Tulchinsky
+1 212 761-2222       EMAIL 

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Nicole Kozhukhov
+1 212 761-1636       EMAIL 

 

Subscription details

You received this email because of alerts set for your saved search(es): Moore, Joseph 


Unsubscribe or suspend your email alerts.


Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC


For important information including analyst certification and disclosures regarding specific companies, derivatives, or other instruments discussed in this e-mail, please refer to the latest research report, if attached and/or hyperlinked to this email, or by logging on to Morgan Stanley's Matrix portal at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix. You may also refer to the Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Website at http://www.morganstanley.com/eqr/disclosures/webapp/generalresearch.
Morgan Stanley will make certain research products and announcements available only on Morgan Stanley's Matrix platform. For access to Matrix, please contact your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix.
Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. If you have received this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper copies and notify the sender immediately. Mistransmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic communications. This message is subject to terms available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers. If you cannot access these links, please notify us by reply message and we will send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley you consent to the foregoing.
© 2026 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved

 